feat(react-scheduler): support scheduler localization capability (#1985)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/reference/appointment-tooltip.md

showCloseButton | boolean | Specifies the Close button's visibility.
showDeleteButton | boolean | Specifies the Delete button's visibility.
commandButtonIds | Array&lt;string&gt; | A command button's identifier list.

> formatDate | (date: Date, options: any) => string | A function that format a date by locale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
formatDate | (date: Date, options: any) => string | A function that formats dates according to the locale.
```
